Updated elastic_ts output module documentation (#3532)
log2timeline/plaso: docs/sources/user/Output-and-formatting.md

--- | ---
dynamic | Output events to a delimiter (comma by default) separated value output format, that supports a dynamic selection of fields.
elastic | Output events to an ElasticSearch database. Requires elasticsearch-py.

> elastic_ts | Output events to an ElasticSearch database for use with Timesketch. Requires elasticsearch-py. Mainly intended to be used by Timesketch importer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
elastic_ts | Output events to an ElasticSearch database for use with Timesketch. Requires elasticsearch-py. Solely intended to be used by Timesketch backend.
```
